fix(SEP-2322): Explicitly support extending ResultType (#2773)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: seps/2322-MRTR.md

}
```

> Since this change creates a polymorphic response for method calls like 'tools/call', we are introducing a new field to `Result` which indicate the `ResultType`. The client should parse this field to determine the type of the Result contained in the message, treating unrecognized values as invalid protocol responses. The `ResultType` is open for extensions to introduce additional values. If this field is not provided the Client should assume a `ResultType` of "complete" for backwards compatibility. The schema change will look like this:

Reviewer: This is a little confusing as written. Changes suggested below to update, and define behavior. The first paragraph describes Core Protocol behavior, the second describe extension behavior and adds more concrete spec language. 

```suggestion
Since this change creates a polymorphic response for method calls like 'tools/call', we are introducing a new field to `Result` which indicate the `ResultType`. The client should parse this field to determine the type of the Result contained in the message. If this field is not provided the Client should assume a `ResultType` of "complete" for backwards compatibility. If this field is not provided the Client should assume a `ResultType` of "complete" for backwards compatibility. 

Extensions MAY add additional `ResultType` values. The set of supported `ResultTypes` MUST be created from the set defined in the core protocol and include any additional values of supported extensions that are advertised via capabilities.

The Client SHOULD treat unrecognized values as invalid protocol responses. 

The schema change will look like this:
```
